docs: metrics view query result caching for live connectors (#9352)
rilldata/rill: docs/docs/developers/build/metrics-view/underlying-model.md

For more information, refer to our [metrics view YAML configuration](/reference/project-files/metrics-views).

### Caching Query Results

> By default, dashboard queries against a live connector metrics view (Snowflake, BigQuery, Databricks, your own ClickHouse, Druid, MotherDuck, Pinot, etc.) run live against the source on every interaction. For dashboards with many concurrent users or repeated drill-downs, this can drive up warehouse compute or scan costs and add latency. Enable caching to reuse query results between users until the underlying data changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, dashboard queries against metrics views backed by an external, self-managed connector (Snowflake, BigQuery, Databricks, your own ClickHouse, Druid, MotherDuck, Pinot, etc.) run live against the source on every interaction. For dashboards with many concurrent users or repeated drill-downs, this can drive up compute costs and add latency. Enable caching to reuse query results between users until the underlying data changes.
```

> Caching is configured under the `cache` block on the metrics view. Because live connectors are externally managed, caching is **off by default** — opt in by setting `cache.enabled: true`. Without `cache.key_sql`, Rill keys the cache on the max watermark of the metrics view's `timeseries` column. Setting `cache.key_sql` is recommended when you want a cheaper or more precise invalidation signal than scanning the timeseries column (for example, a metadata lookup or an ingest version column).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Caching is configured under the `cache` block on the metrics view. Because tables in live connectors are externally managed, caching is **off by default** — opt in by setting `cache.enabled: true`. By default, Rill invalidates the cache when the max timestamp of the metrics view's `timeseries` column changes. If you have a better indicator for when to invalidate the cache (for example, an ingest version column), use `cache.key_sql` to set a custom expression for the cache key.
```

```yaml
type: metrics_view

connector: snowflake
database: MY_DATABASE
database_schema: MY_SCHEMA
table: MY_TABLE

timeseries: created_at
dimensions:
  - column: region
measures:
  - name: total_revenue
    expression: SUM(revenue)

cache:
  enabled: true
  key_sql: SELECT MAX(created_at) FROM MY_DATABASE.MY_SCHEMA.MY_TABLE
  key_ttl: 5m
```

> Rill runs `key_sql` against the metrics view's connector (re-evaluated at most once per `key_ttl`) and uses the returned scalar value as the cache key. When the value changes — for example because a new row landed — the cache is invalidated and the next query repopulates it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rill runs `key_sql` against the metrics view's connector (re-evaluated at most once per `key_ttl`) and uses the returned scalar value as the cache key (together with a hash of the incoming metrics query). When the value changes — for example because a new row landed — the cache is invalidated and the next query repopulates it.
```
